# Release 4.0.0

This a major release that introduces a few breaking changes.

## Breaking changes

* **The constructors of `Serializer` and `Deserializer` are now obsolete**  
  Except for the parameterless versions. The `SerializerBuilder` and `DeserializerBuilder`
  classes should now be used to configure and create instances of the (de)serializer.

* **Replaced the `IYamlSerializable` interface with `IYamlConvertible`**  
  The `IYamlSerializable` is now obsolete, but will be kept until the next major release.

* **[Removed](https://github.com/aaubry/YamlDotNet/pull/203) `EventReader`**  
  `EventReader` was a wrapper over `IParser` that offered some abstractions for parsing,
  but also had some design flaws. It has been replaced by extension methods for `IParser`.
  The extension methods provide the same functionality,
  and allow to always use the same type to represent the parser.

* **Dropped support for `YamlAliasAttribute`**  
  This class has been obsolete for many releases, and it was time to let it go.

## New features

* [**`SerializerBuilder` and `DeserializerBuilder`**](https://github.com/aaubry/YamlDotNet/pull/204)  
  This is an important change that adds "builders" that can be used
  to configure the Serializer and Deserializer through a fluent syntax.
  The main objective of this is to allow more control over
  the composition of services performed by these two classes.
  This means that every aspect of the composition should be
  extensible / overridable. Things like injecting a custom TypeInspector
  or replacing the default ArrayNodeDeserializer with
  an alternative implementation become possible and easy.  
  In order to avoid breaking existing code,
  the constructors of Serializer and Deserializer have been kept
  but marked as obsolete. In a future release they will be discarded.

* **Added the `IYamlConvertible` interface**  
  This new interface differs in that its methods receive a delegate that can be used
  to reuse the current serializer or deserializer.

* **Improved the usability of `YamlDocument`**  
  and other RepresentationModel classes:
  * Added conversion operators and indexers for easier parsing and construction of YamlNodes.
  * `YamlMappingNode`, `YamlSequenceNode` and `YamlScalarNode` now implement `IYamlConvertible`,
    which means that these types can appear in the middle of an object that is being serialized or
    deserialized, and produce the expected result.

* [**Added support for alternative Boolean values**](https://github.com/aaubry/YamlDotNet/pull/183)
  * True: `true`, `y`, `yes`, `on`
  * False: `false`, `n`, `no`, `off`.


## Bug fixes

* [Serialization Error when string starts with quote](https://github.com/aaubry/YamlDotNet/issues/135)
* [YamlVisitor is marked as obsolete, but no YamlVisitorBase class exists](https://github.com/aaubry/YamlDotNet/issues/200)
* Do not assign anchors to scalars during serialization.

