# Release 5.0.0

/!\ This release fixes a [security issue - CVE-2018-1000210](https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2018-1000210). It is strongly recommended to upgrade,
mainly if you are parsing documents from sources that you do not trust.

**Many thanks to [Kurt Boberg](mailto:kurt.boberg@docusign.com), from the DocuSign Application Security Team, who identified this issue and provided feedback on mitigation strategies.**

* **Remove the legacy backwards-compatible syntax that enabled to create
  `Serializer` and `Deserializer` directly then changing their configuration.**  
  In most cases, the calls to the constructors should be replaced by
  instantiations of `SerializerBuilder` and `DeserializerBuilder`.
  These can be configured at will, then used to create instances of
  (De)serializer.
  It is still possible to use the default constructors, if no configuration is needed. 

* **Drop support for specifying arbitrary type names in tags.**  
  Support for automatically resolving a fully qualified type name
  from a tag has been discontinued. That feature was poorly designed
  and not standard.  
  During deserialization, each tag mapping must be explicitly registered.
  During serialization, when using the `EnsureRoundtrip` method, it is necessary to
  register tag mappings for each type that will require a tag, that is, any type that
  is used as the value of a property with a different declared type.  

* Fix bug where deserialized values were not being converted to the destination type.  
  ```c#
  var sut = new DeserializerBuilder()
      .WithTagMapping("!dbl", typeof(DoublyConverted))
      .Build();

  // The scalar "hello" will first be converted to DoublyConverted
  // then that value will be converted to int.
  var result = sut.Deserialize<int>("!dbl hello");

  Assert.Equal(5, result);
  ```

